dddaaddd dddaaddd
mffmfffm mffmfffm
xtxtxttx xtxtxttx
nllnnnln nllnnnln
jjeejeje jjeejeje
wwrrrwrr wwrrrwrr
yyppyyyp yyppyyyp
kskkkkks kskkkkks
vvvvvvvv vvvvvvvv
nddnndnn nddnndnn
sshhssshs sshhssshs
ciiiiiiic ciiiiiiic
lllelllll lllelllll
ddffdffff ddffdffff
jjjjgjgjg jjjjgjgjg
fffhhhffh fffhhhffh
wbbbbbwbw wbbbbbwbw
qqooooqqq qqooooqqq
bbbdddbbd bbbdddbbd
eeehehhee eeehehhee
ikkkikkkii ikkkikkkii
rmrmmrmmrr rmrmmrmmrr
tbbbtbbtbb tbbbtbbtbb
myymmmmymy myymmmmymy
llccllllll llccllllll
ppttpptttt ppttpptttt
ffggfgfffg ffggfgfffg
ppfffffffp ppfffffffp
aaaaccccaa aaaaccccaa
ffooffoooo ffooffoooo
bbybbbybbby bbybbbybbby
rqqqrqqqrqr rqqqrqqqrqr
klllklllkkk klllklllkkk
ikiikikkikk ikiikikkikk
qqttqqqtttq qqttqqqtttq
eseeesseese eseeesseese
oossossssso oossossssso
kwkwkwwkkwk kwkwkwwkkwk
ojjojoojjoj ojjojoojjoj
hhhhwhwwhhh hhhhwhwwhhh
yjyjjyyjjyyy yjyjjyyjjyyy
waawwaaawwww waawwaaawwww
kuukuuukukuu kuukuuukukuu
kkykyykykykk kkykyykykykk
ccddddddcdcc ccddddddcdcc
shshhhhhhssh shshhhhhhssh
wlwlwwwwlwww wlwlwwwwlwww
ybyybybybbby ybyybybybbby
usuuuussusuu usuuuussusuu
mmvvmmmvmmmm mmvvmmmvmmmm
